[TITLE]<<NORMAL>>once upon a time in [/TITLE][BKGD=#2458C9]
[MATTREC]<<NORMAL>>Once Upon A Time In [/MATTREC]
The following is the story of how I came to write "A Scream from a Choking Girl". This will be my first book, and it's not been an easy task. However, writing this book has made me feel closer with God than ever before...
I was 15 when I began to research for the subject matter of A Scream From A Choking Girl - I had become obsessed by the idea that the devil is real and I wanted proof he existed so badly!
One day, as i browsed through my books on witchcraft at home, something caught my eye. There was an image of a girl with her mouth open in fear, and next to it were words - "The Devil's Trap".
I read the story underneath:
"The Devils Trap
A young woman is walking down a dark alleyway late at night when she hears footsteps behind her. She runs with all of her might but there are too many steps to outrun them, and then they catch up...
She turns around only to find herself facing the devil himself - his red eyes staring into hers as if trying to tell her something.. He speaks in a whisper: "You're mine now"
The woman screams at him but he doesn't stop. She runs away from him, terrified for what might happen next...
A few minutes later she arrives home safely and locks herself inside until morning comes; however when it does there is no one else around except a note on her door saying "You are mine now"
The woman begins to feel anxious about who could have written this letter because they know where she lives..
It's been two days since anyone has seen the girl and everyone wants answers - but nobody can find them out!
A week later another person goes missing with no trace left behind except a note saying "You are mine now" again...
As time passes more people go missing until finally someone finds one of those notes which leads back to where it started- at an abandoned house on the edge of town.
The police arrive but there's nothing they can do because nobody knows what happened or how many people were taken..
A month later another person goes missing and this time somebody sees a figure outside their window looking in through
the glass windows - whoever it was just stood still with an evil smirk on its face before disappearing into thin air!
The next day two more go missing then one after that until finally there is only five left out of thousands...
One week later another person goes missing and this time nobody hears anything from them either- not even a note saying "You're mine" or anything else..
A few months pass by without any sign of life coming back into town; people have given up hope that anyone will ever be found alive again when suddenly somebody sees something out
of the corner of their eye walking down an alleyway...
The person starts running but before they can get away from this figure it turns around and smiles at them..
They stop dead in fear because whoever or whatever just smiled back had no eyes..."
This story has been told many times over, but every time I read the same words - "You're mine now"- a chill runs down my spine.
I knew that this was where God wanted me to go next with A Scream From The Choking Girl; so i wrote about it in detail and sent off an email asking him if he would like any input on what I had written thus far...
He replied back saying yes, but also warned of the consequences should anything happen as a result: "The devil will come after you"
I was shocked by his words - they seemed very serious considering this story is just fiction! So i decided not to publish it at all until I had spoken with him further about what he meant...
When we next spoke, God told me that if there were any consequences due to publishing my book then those who read would also suffer: "The devil will come after you"
I was again shocked by this statement - why should anyone else be affected? But God explained it like so..."If people buy your story and they start believing in demons, satan etc.
Then the only person suffering is yourself because their faith has been taken away from them! However if no one reads or buys it then nobody gets hurt either"
I was still confused at this point - what did he mean? But God explained further:
"If people read your story and they start believing in demons, satan etc.
Then the only person suffering is yourself because their faith has been taken away from them! However if no one reads or buys it then nobody gets hurt either."
I was still confused at this point - what did he mean? But God explained further: "If people read your story and they start believing in demons, satan etc.
Then the only person suffering is yourself because their faith has been taken away from them! However if no one reads or buys it then nobody gets hurt either."
The more we talked about this subject matter (which by now had become very personal for me) - God would tell
me how serious he was taking my decision: "I will come after you"
Having heard these words over and again, I knew there could only be one outcome if A Scream From The Choking Girl went ahead as planned...
God told me that He had warned me of the consequences should anything happen because of publishing this book - now it was down to my choice whether or not
to listen!
I thought about everything God said for days afterwards, trying desperately hard not
to believe he meant what I heard him say...
But when I finally decided that enough is enough and sent off another email asking if there would be any input on how best
to proceed with A Scream From The Choking Girl - this time around things took an unexpected turn for me.
I was shocked by God's response to my request: "Yes, but only after you have read what I want you
The more we talked about this subject matter (which by now had become very personal for me) -
God would tell me how serious he was taking my decision:
"If people read your story and they start believing in demons, satan etc.
Then the only person suffering is yourself because their faith has been taken away from them! However if no one reads or buys it then nobody gets hurt either."
Having heard these words over and again, I knew there could only be one outcome should anything happen as a result of publishing this book - now
it was down to my choice whether or not
to listen.
So after much thought and prayer about what God had told me last time round regarding His warnings for
me if A Scream From The Choking Girl went ahead
I decided finally on how best
should proceed with writing the story
And thus began a journey that would eventually take more than five years of my life - but one which has changed it forever.
In conclusion, I hope this article will help you understand some key points about what happens when we start to believe in God's warnings and try not only
to follow them but also listen closely enough
so as not
for ourselves later on down
the road if things don’t go according
to plan!


(Story got from Llama 2 model: llama-2-7b.Q4_K_M.gguf with prompt: [INST]<<SYS>>write a small story in 100 words<</SYS>>once upon a time in [/INST])